Note : incase there is someone other than me reading this, this plotline is for me only, I think of this storyline so long that I may forgot some of it, so here we go.

Main characters: 

1. Hakurei Reimu
2. Kirisame Marisa
3. (OPT) Patchouli Knowledge


Still follow original Touhou format : 6 bosses with a little change, 
added 2 route : A / B 

1. 30% planed Lily White/Black
2. Kutaka Niwatari
3. Medicine Melancholy
4. A : Patchouli Knowledge          | B : Orin (Kaenbyou Rin) 
5. A : Konpaku Youmu                | B : Okuu (Utsuho Reiuji)
6. A : Saigyouji Yuyuko             | B : Komeiji Satori
6 Final. A : Yuyuko's ghost form    | B : Komeiji Koishi 

Extra 1. Onozuka Komachi
Extra 2. Shiki Eiki (Yamaxanadu)

Factor 1: There is something lurking in Gensokyo, if the souls linger too long in Gensokyo without getting to the other side of Sanzu River, it will somehow disappear, some say they are consumed by some powerful force. 
Factor 2: Eiki awares of this, and here is a surge of souls coming in from the outside world, not sure what incident caused this. But she cannot let these souls consumed by the powerful force said above. So she planed to have these souls judged so they can go to hell or reincarnate. Despite Komachi work very this time, but a shinigami alone cannot solve thing out. So Eiki start to make a deal with Yukari (via Yuyuko, as the only bridge I can think of when Eiki ask Yukari for help) but of course, the judge go out of her way to ask a master mind for favor, this is odd but then due to the sereve state of situation, the judge "may" made a deal with Yukari herself. 
Thing turns out: 
With Yukari's help, she opened 2 pairs of port. 1 pair connect to the Gensokyo to Nether world, 1 other pair connect to Genskyo to Old Hell. 

Thus from Hakurei Reimu/Kirisame Marisa view, this is an incident that caused by someone and go to out to resolve the incident

A/B route explain : There will be choices for player to select and go to route A or B. 
During state 4, player will encounter Patchouli with a dialogue from here player can select to go to route A or B which are : 
A -> proceed to attack Patchouli, force her to go to route B (Old Hell) 
B -> you are blessed by Patchouli with Metal spell to go to route B ( Old Hell) 


Patchouli POV : This could be ( or not ) a DLC after the game, since develope this cost alot of time. 
You will encounter diference Boss from stage 1 to stage 3 
1. Cirno 
2. Mystia Lorelei 
3. Rumia ( come with easter egg)
4. will default encounter Reimu, encounter Marisa if easter egg triggered.
5. You will also get to pick the route A/B like last original game.


-- Intention -- 
tell the story in Dark Souls style lore, don't force or dump alot of info into players.


-- Prologue Panel -- 

-- Music for Prologue --
it need to be sinister, such like Evening Sky in Touhou SWR 
Drift - Diao Ye Zong would be a great choice (also lead to the main menu scene)
---------------------------

or you know, we can skip this. 


Main Menu scene 
A view of river side view, with Komachi half sleep on the boat. 



Diaglogue during epilogue:

